#enter all files here that have to be copied from the SRCDIR to the package root
#note: use only tabs and only one tab between fields!
#
#valid types:
# script - for scripts, default 755, root.root
# exe    - like script, but will be stripped on packaging
# sexe   - setuid root executeable, 4755, root.root, strip
# lib	 - library,     755, root.root, no strip
# cfg    - config file, 644, root.root
# bin    - binaries, i.e. firmware, 644, root.root
# any other files will be installed "as they are", so be careful about permissions!
#
# src rel. to $(SRCDIR)	dest			type	owner	group

vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/sr_RS/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/sr_RS/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/uk_UA/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/uk_UA/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/lt_LT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/lt_LT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/mk_MK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/mk_MK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/sk_SK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/sk_SK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo   usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr.mo

vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-arghdirector.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-bgprocess.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-epgsearch.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-extrecmenu.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-femon.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-filebrowser.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-install.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-ipod.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-netcv.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/uk_UA/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/uk_UA/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/sk_SK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/sk_SK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-osdteletext.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-pin.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-premiereepg.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-setup.mo
vdr/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/pl_PL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/ru_RU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/ca_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/hr_HR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/hu_HU/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/da_DK/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/fi_FI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/it_IT/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/nl_NL/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/el_GR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/sv_SE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/cs_CZ/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/de_DE/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/nn_NO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/ro_RO/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/sl_SI/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/fr_FR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
vdr/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo    usr/share/locale/tr_TR/LC_MESSAGES/vdr-sleeptimer.mo
